git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-droptheword yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-collectionexplorer yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-wordmap no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-organismexplorer yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-questonnairepod no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreat-dh-dashboard yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-concepttopography yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-questionnairetree no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT---TopothekCV no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-plantwordguruI yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-gameplayaround no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-unhealthy-healthy NO?
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-wordmapconnected no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-meaningnetwork no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-Topothek.Thesaurus no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT--headwords no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-plantwordguru-II yes 
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-lemmanavigator no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-search4words no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-questionnaireguide no 
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-questionnaireexplorer no
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-conceptlights yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT--1word4pics yes
git@github.com:acdh-oeaw/exploreAT-rdf-explorer yes

git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-bedeutung yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-circle-packed-questionnaires yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-context-navigation yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-geographical-lemmas yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-hierarquical-questionnaire-tree yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-plants-explorer yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-questionnaire-explorer yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-raw-questionnaire-exploration yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-tustep-map yes
git@github.com:grialusal/exploreAT-word-source-relations yes
